fix resolve path for import plugin, after upgrade 1.20.0 (#1705)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/strange-gifts-clap.md

---

> "@redocly/cli": major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@redocly/cli": patch
```

---

> Fix absolute path for import plugin in Windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed the absolute path for importing plugins in Windows.
```
